Updates to M365 integrations (#7913)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/community-for-mattermost.rst

Community for Mattermost
========================

.. include:: ../_static/badges/allplans-cloud-selfhosted.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

> Join the Mattermost Community directly from your Microsoft 365, Microsoft Outlook, or Microsoft Teams instance!

Author: ```suggestion
Join the `Mattermost Community server <https://community.mattermost.com/>`_ directly from your Microsoft 365, Microsoft Outlook, or Microsoft Teams instance!
```

Use the Mattermost for Microsoft Teams integration to stay connected with thousands of users, contributors, and Mattermost staff directly from the tools you use every day. Join thousands of Mattermost users, contributors, and staff members in a vibrant community where you can ask questions, get support, share ideas, and contribute to shaping the future of Mattermost.

.. image:: ../images/mattermost-for-microsoft_365.png
  :alt: Community for Mattermost is available in the Microsoft App Store.

> This app is designed to work with Microsoft 365, Outlook, and Teams. A free Mattermost account is required to use the Mattermost Customer Community.

Author: ```suggestion
This app is designed to work with Microsoft 365, Outlook, and Teams. A free Mattermost account is required to access the Mattermost Community server.
```

Setup
-----

Admin setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~

A Microsoft Teams administrator must make the Community for Mattermost app available to all users.

1. Go to the Microsoft Teams Admin Center.
2. Select **Teams Apps > Manage Apps**.

> 3. Search for the **Community for Mattermost app** and select it.

Reviewer: "app" is not actually in the product name.

.. image:: ../images/mattermost-for-microsoft_365.png

>   :alt: Mattermost for Microsoft 365 is available in the Microsoft App Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: Community for Mattermost is available in the Microsoft App Store.
```

> This app is designed to work with Microsoft 365, Outlook, and Teams. A free Mattermost account is required to use the Mattermost Customer Community.

Reviewer: I think we're still calling it the `Mattermost Community`.  It's more than customers.

Setup
-----

Admin setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> An admin must make the Community for Mattermost app available to all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Microsoft Teams administrator must make the Community for Mattermost app available to all users.
```

1. Go to the Microsoft Teams Admin Center.
2. Select **Teams Apps > Manage Apps**.
3. Search for the **Community for Mattermost app** and select it.
4. Under the **Users and Groups** tab, enable the app for all users.

End user setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Once enabled for all, any Microsoft 365 user can complete the steps below to access the Mattermost for Microsoft 365 within their Microsoft environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled for all, any Microsoft 365 user can complete the steps below to access the Community for Mattermost app within their Microsoft environment:
```

Reviewer: Line 38 below also needs the correct app name:

> 3. Search for **Mattermost for Microsoft 365** and then select **Add** to install the application.

Once you've installed the app, here are some ways to get started:

- **Ask questions**: Use the `~ask-anything <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/ask-anything>`_ channel in Mattermost to ask technical questions or get support from the community.

- **Stay informed**: Follow the `~release-announcements <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/release-announcements>`_ channel to keep up with the latest news about upcoming releases and updates from the Mattermost team.

- **Contribute**: If you're interested in contributing to Mattermost, join the `~developers <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers>`_ channel to connect with other contributors.

- **Share feedback**: Your Mattermost ideas and feedback are valuable! Share your thoughts in the `~user-feedback <https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/user-feedback>`_ channel.

Key features
------------

> - **Direct Access**: Access the Community for Mattermost directly from a tab without switching applications or opening a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Direct Access**: Access the Community for Mattermost app directly from a tab without switching applications or opening a browser.
```

- **Seamless Integration**: Experience the full functionality of Community for Mattermost within a familiar interface.
- **Real-time Collaboration**: Engage with the Community for Mattermost in real-time discussions on product features, technical questions, and best practices.
- **Product Support**: Get help from both Mattermost staff and experienced community members.
- **Contribute to Development**: Participate in discussions that shape the future direction of Mattermost products.
- **Knowledge Sharing**: Learn implementation strategies and best practices from a diverse community of users.
- **Stay Updated**: Keep up with the latest Mattermost announcements, updates, and roadmap information.

Benefits
--------

> - Seamlessly communicate with the Mattermost Community from Microsoft Teams and Outlook using application tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Seamlessly communicate with the Mattermost community using application tabs.
```

Reviewer: This line seems redundant.  We already said this in the Key Features section.  Thoughts?
